### Firefox Plugin

This plugin allows you to search your Firefox bookmarks and history directly from Quicksilver. It also provides a "Current Web Page (Firefox)" proxy object - allowing you to easily manipulate the current Firefox Web Page.

#### Catalog Entries

Under the **Firefox** entry, you will find the following two subentries:

**Firefox Bookmarks** includes all the URLs you bookmarked, without any folder structure or tags you might have applied.

**Firefox History** contains the last 200 URLs you visited (disabled by default).

Tip: if you want to increase or decrease the number of History items in Quicksilver, you can:
1. Go to `~/Library/Application Support/Quicksilver/PlugIns/`
2. find `com.blacktree.quicksilver.QSFirefoxPlugin.*.qsplugin`
3. right-click -> "Show Package Contents"
4. then open `Contents/Info.plist`
5. In there, find the entry  `QSPresetAdditions -> Item 0 -> children -> Item 1 -> settings -> historySize`
6. Change the number to something different.
7. Restart Quicksilver and rescan the catalog


#### Proxy Objects

**Current Web Page (Firefox)**

The **Current Web Page (Firefox)** proxy object contains the title and URL of the webpage currently open in Firefox.

Tip: Firefox updates the 'current webpage' information about every 15 seconds. If you encounter delays between getting the latest webpage information, you can shorten the delayby changing a hidden preference in Firefox:

1. Type  `about:config` in Firefox's address bar.
2. Type `sessionstore.interval` in the filter-field.
3. The  `browser.sessionstore.interval` value is in milliseconds. Change it to something smaller, like 10000 or 5000
